# BLOG
A web app that allows user to blog by allowing them to comment and add blog

# Author
Sylvester Omondi

## Description
this is a project generated by python where a user can cr eate a blog from the application and also comment on others blogs, the other feature is that the user can also see the most recent posts.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* git clone

* To run it locally you need to install python,flask(extension dependency jinja),bootstrap and an fast reliable connection.

* you can click the link at the description to view it live

#BDD
* As a user I would like to view the blog posts submitted
* As a user I would like to comment on blog posts
* As a user I would like to view the most recent posts
* As a user I would like to alerted when a new post is made by joining a subscription.
* As a writer I would like to sign in to the blog.
* As a writer I would also like to create blog from the application.
* As a writer I would like to delete comments that I find insulting or degrading.
* As a writer I would like to update or delete blogs i have created.

## Known Bugs

there are no known bugs so far but if you have slow internet i think it will be a major pullback
## Technologies Used

 * python-flask
 * postgres
 * bootstrap
 


## Support and contact detail
email.sylveromondi@gmail.com

## Licence

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 sylvester omondi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
2018 [MIT] COPYRIGHT